Feat/immudb tools (#179)
codenotary/immudb.io: src/master/production/index-maintenance.md

While the clean process is made, no data is indexed and there will be an extra disk space requirement due to the new dump. Once completed, a considerable disk space will be reduced by removing the previously indexed data (older snapshots).
The btree and clean up process is something specific to indexing. And will not lock transaction processing as indexing is asynchronously generated.

</WrappedSection>

<WrappedSection>

## compactor tool

To manage index compaction, you can use the [compactor](https://github.com/codenotary/immudb-tools/tree/main/compactor) tool,
part of the [immudb-tools](https://github.com/codenotary/immudb-tools) repository.

This tool can be used to perform periodic maintenance on your database indexes, or to configure online compaction.

The maintenance can be performed in three different ways:
- online compaction
- percentage compaction
- full flush

In all three modes, new indexes are calculated and old one are discarded. Indexes are organized in chunk files; each time a file only contains discarded indexes, it is automatically deleted.

:::: tabs

> ::: tab Online compaction

Author: Fixed in commit 30bce89ca

> This kind of compaction is performed by immudb during normal write operations: once the new written data reaches the percentage threshold configured per one database, immudb rebuilds its indexes up to the same percentage, discarding old ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This kind of compaction is performed by immudb during normal write operations: once the amount of new written data reaches the percentage threshold configured per one database, immudb cleans up specified percentage of the index data, discarding old unreferenced data.
```

For every database, users can specify a percentage of total written data to be reindexed on every write.

> This tool can be used to enable this mode, and to set the percentage threshold. Once this is done, there is no need to run this tool: the compaction will happen automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compactor tool can be used to enable this mode, and to set the percentage threshold. Once this is done, there is no need to run compactor tool periodically: the compaction will happen automatically.
```
